what is this
our parents your parents were Avengers
we're all that's left of their legacy
they are the children of Earth's
Mightiest Heroes I raised you all
hopefully as your parents would have
wanted from what I kept doing and I kept
the truth from me I'll try and killed
our parents you'll never stop hunting us
Ultron will be coming for us now this is
bad this is really bad
superhuman variable cannot be permitted
commencing termination we owe it to our
parents today we meet our destiny she
means that in a good way
right now the call goes out to a new
generation of you
whether you know it or not you prepared
for this all your lives Avengers
Assemble the children of Captain America
and Black Widow Thor Black Panther
Hawkeye giant man and was must join
forces with Iron Man and the Hulk to
become the next Avengers next epic movie
from Marvel animated features
tell me she didn't just do that
hurry up for a little avenging next
Avengers heroes of tomorrow what do you
mean